Before I started my 'unplugging' day, I made sure to see if plans were being made in the night of Saturday, April 26, 2025. I found out that some friends were planning to get a few drinks together a little bit before midnight. I also made sure if one of my friends would be a designated driver that night for me and we planned a time for my pick up. As mentioned in the reading, Kashmir Hill explained that she had a rough time sleeping properly and would look at her phone whenever she woke up in the middle of the night. I have the same experience as her, waking up in the middle of the night and looking at my phone which makes it harder to fall back asleep, but having my phone off definitely made it easier for me to fall back asleep properly and get a good amount of sleep. Moving into the morning, I almost went straight to look at my phone but I instead just looked at my watch to check the time which was around 9am. I got up, and cooked myself some eggs to eat with rice to start off my morning right. After my breakfast, I got myself ready and headed over to the Wade King Recreation Center to do some exercises there. It was 11am when I arrived at the recreation center, when I arrived inside of the gym, I saw some friends of mine were playing volleyball at the volleyball area. So instead of exercising, I decided to join them and played from 11am-2pm. All that activity drained most of my energy and took up most of my afternoon. I headed back to my apartment to make myself lunch, which was chili and some cheesecake for dessert. After my meal, food coma was hitting me so I decided to take a nice long nap to recharge myself before heading out to drink with my friends. When I woke up, I felt the urge to look at my phone to check the time, but instead I looked at my watch and noticed that it was getting close to my pick-up time. So I took a shower and waited for my friend to pick me up. I ended the day mostly by doing lots of leisure activity in the middle of the day, and killing time by cooking some meals for myself. Just as Logan Lane was spending time with her club members by grabbing dinner at a Thai restaurant, the end of the day for me was spent mostly by catching up with friends and getting drinks at the bars. 